I wish I was your mirror, so that I could look at you every morning.
You’re so hot, I get a tan every time I look at you.
Sweet dreams… I hope I’m in them.
I really like our friendship, but I was thinking… Do you want to make it more?
You’re already on my mind, and I’ve only just woken up.
Do you have a to-do list? If so, put me on it.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
 The best thing about a keyboard is that U and I are together.
 I’m trying my best to fall asleep, but I just can’t stop thinking about you.
 You looked so beautiful the last time I saw you, that I forgot my pickup line.
 Do your feet hurt? Because you’ve been wandering around my thoughts all day.
 You looked great today. I know I didn’t see you, but I know you look great every day.
 Send me a picture so I can send Santa my wish list.
 If Van Gogh had you as a subject, the sunflowers would have gone in the trash.
 Here’s to hoping your day consists of green traffic lights, the fastest line at the supermarket and all the quickest routes that will bring you straight back into my arms.
 On a beautiful day like this, the only thing that could improve it is having you by my side.
 A hundred miles away and you’re still here right in my heart.
 You’re like a .com domain name – already taken. And I ain’t about to settle for no .org.
 Don’t listen to your friends, listen to your heart.
 I was thinking of you today, while I was doing some math problems, but there weren’t enough spaces on the calculator to work out how much I love you CRINGE.
 The next time you see your parents, send them my sincerest gratitude.
 In my opinion, God’s only mistake when he made the world was that he didn’t keep you to himself.
 Love is blind, but the police aren’t. Let’s book a room.
 Every time you enter the room, you enter my heart.
 I’ve just bought some chocolate spread… Any ideas what we should do with it?
 This email is a group message being sent from our company to all 10/10 beauties in your area. Currently, you are the only recipient.
 You remind me of a private jet… I want to get inside you five times a day, and fly you to heaven and back.
 If Einstein was such a genius, how come he didn’t invent a time machine so he could come and see you?
 I’m lying in bed, bored. Want to play Simon says? [Read: The best naughty texting games to have fun all night long]
 Tired out. Been running around like a nutcase at work today. I’m too much of a perfectionist. I’m a perfectionist in most things I do. That’s why I like you so much.
 I’d like to say that I couldn’t be more in love with you, but I know that’s not true. I’ll love you even more tomorrow.
 Would you mind emptying your pockets – I believe you’ve stolen my heart.
 If kisses were raindrops, I’d send you a flood.
 Hey, you look a lot like my next girlfriend!
 Do you know any good cardiologists, because my heart skips a beat every time I think of you.
 I wish I was your teddy bear.
 I don’t think about very many things, and I don’t think for very long, but when I do think, it invariably tends to be about you.
 Of all the stars in the sky, there are none as beautiful as you.
 Are you free… For the rest of your life?
 God created the world in six days, rested on the seventh, but it took him thousands of years to produce someone as perfect as you.
 I can’t raise the courage to tell you how much I adore you, so I guess I’ll just keep it to myself.
 Can you send me a picture? My friends don’t believe that angels exist.sYou have been living in my dreams for a long time, what about making it real for once?
I love you so much that I would never let you go. I love you with all my soul and without never looking back.
Your kisses and your love are the only medicine for my broken heart.
I don’t want a half love with you, I want a complete, intense, whole and indestructible love.
There is no better music than your voice, no better book than your text messages and no better taste than your sweet kisses.
When I am asleep I dream of you, but when I am awake, I desire you all day long.
I don’t want you to remember me, I only need you not to forget me.
Your lips are my obsession. I cannot imagine a life without you Cringing sksks.
I don’t know what to do with you… but neither I know what to do without you.
I would like to be that person that is always on your mind, the one you answer very quickly, the one that makes you smile.
When I am with you, my Mondays become Fridays, my nights are bright and the air is cleaner. What kind of powers do you have?
Don’t blame me because I like you, it is your fault for having everything I love!
Are you ready for a kiss fight? Or do you think you are going to lose?
I am going to call the police right now. Why did you steal my heart like this?
If you were in a storefront, I would buy you immediately! cheeeap
I wish it was easier to explain to you why I like you so much. I guess I am not good with explanations. Let me show you my reasons with actions, not words.
I like you more than waking up late.
My shrink cannot find the reason why I lost my mind. But I know it: I lost it when I saw you for the first time :).
You come, you mess up everything and you leave. This is not love, this is emotional tourism!
Being beautiful / handsome is not easy, but I guess you are already used to it.
I don’t plan to go after you forever, so at some point, you should stop running away from me, don’t you think?
If my words could make you happy and joyful, I would never be in silent again.
I may not be like Buzz Lightyear, but I love you to the infinity and beyond!
It is official, I am changing the alphabet. Maybe you can help me. What do you think about putting U and I one next to each other?
I don’t need to climb more castles because I already found my princess.
Let me make you happy forever. You just need to do one thing: fall in love with me.
When I saw your smile, I immediately knew that that was the smile I wanted to see every morning for the rest of my life.
Every love song I listen reminds me of you.
They say that if you can be in silent next to someone without feeling awkward, it means that you two have a connection. With you, words don’t matter.
You are the only one with whom I want to do a million things.
Loving you and being loved by you is the most precious gift I could ever receive.
Thinking about you is already a habit, dreaming of you is an addiction, and loving you is an unavoidable consequence.
My mouth may not say anything, but in my eyes, you can see how much I love you.
It is impossible not wanting to kiss you every time you smile!
I need you because you make me smile even when you are not by my side.